now these are the nations which the Lord
now these are the nations which the Lord left that he might test Israel by them
left that he might test Israel by them
left that he might test Israel by them that is all who had not known any of the
that is all who had not known any of the
that is all who had not known any of the wars in Canaan this was only so that the
wars in Canaan this was only so that the
wars in Canaan this was only so that the generations of the children of Israel
generations of the children of Israel
generations of the children of Israel might be taught to know war at least
might be taught to know war at least
might be taught to know war at least those who were not formally known it
those who were not formally known it
those who were not formally known it namely five Lords of the Philistines all
namely five Lords of the Philistines all
namely five Lords of the Philistines all the Canaanites the sidonians and the
the Canaanites the sidonians and the
the Canaanites the sidonians and the high vice who dwelt in Mount Lebanon
high vice who dwelt in Mount Lebanon
high vice who dwelt in Mount Lebanon from Mount Bale Herman to the entrance
from Mount Bale Herman to the entrance
from Mount Bale Herman to the entrance of Haman and they were left that he
of Haman and they were left that he
of Haman and they were left that he might test Israel by them to know
might test Israel by them to know
might test Israel by them to know whether they would obey the commandments
whether they would obey the commandments
whether they would obey the commandments of the Lord which he had commanded their
of the Lord which he had commanded their
of the Lord which he had commanded their fathers by the hand of Moses thus the
fathers by the hand of Moses thus the
fathers by the hand of Moses thus the children of Israel dwelt among the
children of Israel dwelt among the
children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites the Hittites the amorite s--
Canaanites the Hittites the amorite s--
Canaanites the Hittites the amorite s-- the parasites the highlights and the
the parasites the highlights and the
the parasites the highlights and the Jebusites and they took their daughters
Jebusites and they took their daughters
Jebusites and they took their daughters to be their wives and gave their
to be their wives and gave their
to be their wives and gave their daughters to their sons and they served
daughters to their sons and they served
daughters to their sons and they served their gods
their gods
their gods so the children of Israel did evil in
so the children of Israel did evil in
so the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord
the sight of the Lord
the sight of the Lord they forgot the Lord their God and
they forgot the Lord their God and
they forgot the Lord their God and served the bails and a Shearer's
served the bails and a Shearer's
served the bails and a Shearer's therefore the anger of the Lord was hot
therefore the anger of the Lord was hot
therefore the anger of the Lord was hot against Israel and he sold them into the
against Israel and he sold them into the
against Israel and he sold them into the hand of Kushan Risha Feyen
hand of Kushan Risha Feyen
hand of Kushan Risha Feyen king of mesopotamia and the children of
king of mesopotamia and the children of
king of mesopotamia and the children of israel served Kushan Risha theam eight
israel served Kushan Risha theam eight
israel served Kushan Risha theam eight years when the children of Israel cried
years when the children of Israel cried
years when the children of Israel cried out to the Lord the Lord raised up a
out to the Lord the Lord raised up a
out to the Lord the Lord raised up a deliverer for the children of Israel who
deliverer for the children of Israel who
deliverer for the children of Israel who delivered them earth kneel the son of
delivered them earth kneel the son of
delivered them earth kneel the son of kinas Caleb's younger brother
kinas Caleb's younger brother
kinas Caleb's younger brother the Spirit of the Lord came upon him and
the Spirit of the Lord came upon him and
the Spirit of the Lord came upon him and he judged Israel he went out to war and
he judged Israel he went out to war and
he judged Israel he went out to war and the Lord delivered Kushan Risha theam
the Lord delivered Kushan Risha theam
the Lord delivered Kushan Risha theam king of Mesopotamia into his hand and
king of Mesopotamia into his hand and
king of Mesopotamia into his hand and his hand prevail over Kushan Risha fame
his hand prevail over Kushan Risha fame
his hand prevail over Kushan Risha fame so the land had rest for 40 years then
so the land had rest for 40 years then
so the land had rest for 40 years then earth knew the son of kinas died
earth knew the son of kinas died
earth knew the son of kinas died and the children of Israel again did
and the children of Israel again did
and the children of Israel again did evil in the sight of the Lord so the
evil in the sight of the Lord so the
evil in the sight of the Lord so the Lord strengthened Eglon king of Moab
Lord strengthened Eglon king of Moab
Lord strengthened Eglon king of Moab against Israel because they had done
against Israel because they had done
against Israel because they had done evil in the sight of the Lord then he
evil in the sight of the Lord then he
evil in the sight of the Lord then he gathered to himself the people of ammon
gathered to himself the people of ammon
gathered to himself the people of ammon and amalek went and defeated Israel and
and amalek went and defeated Israel and
and amalek went and defeated Israel and took possession of the City of Palms so
took possession of the City of Palms so
took possession of the City of Palms so the children of Israel served Eglon king
the children of Israel served Eglon king
the children of Israel served Eglon king of Moab 18 years but when the children
of Moab 18 years but when the children
of Moab 18 years but when the children of Israel cried out to the Lord
of Israel cried out to the Lord
of Israel cried out to the Lord the Lord raised up a deliverer for them
the Lord raised up a deliverer for them
the Lord raised up a deliverer for them he had the son of Gera the Benjamite a
he had the son of Gera the Benjamite a
he had the son of Gera the Benjamite a left-handed man by him the children of
left-handed man by him the children of
left-handed man by him the children of Israel sent tribute to Eglon king of
Israel sent tribute to Eglon king of
Israel sent tribute to Eglon king of Moab now he heard made himself a dagger
Moab now he heard made himself a dagger
Moab now he heard made himself a dagger it was doubled edge and a cubit in
it was doubled edge and a cubit in
it was doubled edge and a cubit in length and fastened it under his clothes
length and fastened it under his clothes
length and fastened it under his clothes on his right thigh so he brought the
on his right thigh so he brought the
on his right thigh so he brought the tribute to Eglon king of Moab
tribute to Eglon king of Moab
tribute to Eglon king of Moab now egg was a very fat man and when he
now egg was a very fat man and when he
now egg was a very fat man and when he had finished presenting the tribute he
had finished presenting the tribute he
had finished presenting the tribute he sent away the people who had carried the
sent away the people who had carried the
sent away the people who had carried the tribute but he himself turned back from
tribute but he himself turned back from
tribute but he himself turned back from the stone images there were at Gilgal I
the stone images there were at Gilgal I
the stone images there were at Gilgal I have a secret message for you O king
have a secret message for you O king
have a secret message for you O king keep silence
keep silence
keep silence and all who attended him went out from
and all who attended him went out from
and all who attended him went out from him so he had came to him now he was
him so he had came to him now he was
him so he had came to him now he was sitting upstairs in his cool private
sitting upstairs in his cool private
sitting upstairs in his cool private chamber I have a message from God for
chamber I have a message from God for
chamber I have a message from God for you so he arose from his seat then he
you so he arose from his seat then he
you so he arose from his seat then he had reached with his left hand took the
had reached with his left hand took the
had reached with his left hand took the dagger from his right thigh and thrust
dagger from his right thigh and thrust
dagger from his right thigh and thrust it into his belly evil must guilt went
it into his belly evil must guilt went
it into his belly evil must guilt went in after the blade and the fact closed
in after the blade and the fact closed
in after the blade and the fact closed over the blame for he did not draw the
over the blame for he did not draw the
over the blame for he did not draw the dagger out of his belly and his entrails
dagger out of his belly and his entrails
dagger out of his belly and his entrails came out then he had went out through
came out then he had went out through
came out then he had went out through the porch and shut the doors of the
the porch and shut the doors of the
the porch and shut the doors of the after room behind him and locked them
after room behind him and locked them
after room behind him and locked them when he had gone act
when he had gone act
when he had gone act Eggland's servants came to look and to
Eggland's servants came to look and to
Eggland's servants came to look and to their surprise as the doors of the upper
their surprise as the doors of the upper
their surprise as the doors of the upper room were loved
room were loved
room were loved so they said he is probably attending to
so they said he is probably attending to
so they said he is probably attending to his needs in the cool chamber so they
his needs in the cool chamber so they
his needs in the cool chamber so they waited till they were embarrassed and
waited till they were embarrassed and
waited till they were embarrassed and still he had not opened the doors of the
still he had not opened the doors of the
still he had not opened the doors of the upper room they took the key and open
upper room they took the key and open
upper room they took the key and open there was their master fallen dead on
there was their master fallen dead on
there was their master fallen dead on the floor but he had had escaped while
the floor but he had had escaped while
the floor but he had had escaped while they delayed he passed beyond the stone
they delayed he passed beyond the stone
they delayed he passed beyond the stone images and escaped to serie and it
images and escaped to serie and it
images and escaped to serie and it happened when he arrived that he blew
happened when he arrived that he blew
happened when he arrived that he blew the trumpet in the mountains of Ephraim
the trumpet in the mountains of Ephraim
the trumpet in the mountains of Ephraim children of Israel went down with him
children of Israel went down with him
children of Israel went down with him from the mountains and he led them then
from the mountains and he led them then
from the mountains and he led them then he said to him follow me for the Lord
he said to him follow me for the Lord
he said to him follow me for the Lord has delivered your enemies the Moabites
has delivered your enemies the Moabites
has delivered your enemies the Moabites into your
into your
into your and so they went down after him seized
and so they went down after him seized
and so they went down after him seized the Fords of the Jordan leading to Moab
the Fords of the Jordan leading to Moab
the Fords of the Jordan leading to Moab and did not allow anyone to cross over
and did not allow anyone to cross over
and did not allow anyone to cross over and at that time they killed about ten
and at that time they killed about ten
and at that time they killed about ten thousand men of my all stout men of
thousand men of my all stout men of
thousand men of my all stout men of valor not a man escaped so Moab was
valor not a man escaped so Moab was
valor not a man escaped so Moab was subdued that day under the hand of
subdued that day under the hand of
subdued that day under the hand of Israel and the land had rest for 80
Israel and the land had rest for 80
Israel and the land had rest for 80 years after him were Shanga the son of
years after him were Shanga the son of
years after him were Shanga the son of amos who killed six hundred men of the
amos who killed six hundred men of the
amos who killed six hundred men of the philistines with an ox goad and he also
philistines with an ox goad and he also
philistines with an ox goad and he also delivered Israel
delivered Israel
delivered Israel [Music]